Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Harm-Marshal
Vanilla Peschutz
A proud lady like myself needs no friends!
All right. I'll tell you a secret.
Your Highness?
I also believed that a proud
knight like myself needs no friends.
But...
The truth is...
I wanted friends.
Me, too.
My very first friend!
I want to hang out with
her, just the two of us!
But I'm the daughter of the
noble House of Peschutz.
It'd be totally unacceptable to invite her!
The princess should be the one who asks me!
Nothing says a prisoner can't invite
her torturer to go have some fun!
No, that's not it.
It's not the family name that's stopping me.
I just can't work up the courage.
Blaming my upbringing
for my own cowardice...
Some Peschutz I am!
It's time to show my courage and rise up!
But where could we even go?
Zoom!
Yay!
Wow!
How did you do that?!
Not telling!
What are you watching?
Not fair!
Oh, a video of Jimochi and me going
ice skating after ditching lessons.
That damn geezer, I swear...
You're so awesome, Jimochi!
Man, I'd love to go skating again.
Ice skating sounds great!
You can skate, Ex?
My specialty is the quadruple Salchow!
Huh...
Ah! You don't believe me!
Ice skating! That's it!
The House of Peschutz.
Descended from Melaarc Peschutz,
the clandestine right-hand
man of the first Hell-Lord,
they are a noble clan of vampires.
They will use any means necessary to
achieve their ends, stopping at nothing.
Rumors say they are the most ruthlessly
brutal among the Hellhorde.
Current Head
Aliotto Peschutz
Book it out!
Aliotto's Wife
Extrac Peschutz
What's the matter, dear?
Honey!
We need to book out all of Peschutz
Ice Skating Rink for tomorrow!
Book it out?
That's impossible on such short notice.
We have group reservations—
Listen to what Vanilla-chan just told me!
Papa.
Can I get a ticket for the ice rink?
Vanilla-chan, you know you can ask the
front desk and get in without a ticket.
Ah, um, well...
I wanted to go with a friend.
A friend?!
Fr-Frie... Friend... Fr...
Yeah.
The other day, for the first time...
I made a friend.
Fr-Friend...
I made a friend...
Let's book it out!
So that Vanilla-chan can spend a
day having fun with her friend!
The cancellation fees for the reservations
are a small price to pay!
They will use any means necessary to
achieve their ends, stopping at nothing.
That is the way of the
noble House of Peschutz.
Hmm...
I don't think this is it.
I know!
The outfit I saved to wear
on a special occasion.
There we go!
Perfect for my first time
hanging out with a friend!
Peschutz Ice Skating Rink
Notice for Visitors
We are booked today for
a private event.
We apologize to all
of our customers.
Thank you for your
understanding.
Wow! This place is huge!
Not a scratch on the ice!
What do you think, Princess?
The noble House of Peschutz
is focused more on the sports industry
than vampire services nowadays.
Vampirism is a business now?
This ice rink is operated
by the Peschutz family!
Thanks to my noble powers,
it's booked out for the day!
B-Booked out?!
Well?
Do you feel humbled?
That's amazing, Vanilla-chan!
Yeah...
Well, the amazing ones are
actually Mama and Papa.
O-Okay, should we skate toge—
I get it.
So today's torture is ice skating!
Huh?
You prepared this torture knowing
that I wanted to go skating!
Pretty good, Vanilla-chan!
I-I sure am!
But you forget that I'm the Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion!
I will not lose to ice skating!
Dang it!
Now it's being treated like torture!
Go on!
Show me your skating form!
If I end up tempted and step
into the rink, I lose!
Well, I'll definitely resist, though!
If only you had more to show
for that big talk of yours...
Go on now, Vanilla-chan!
Ah, yeah...
Okay, Princess.
Time for your torture...
Ah, whoops.
I've never ice skated before.
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
I was too busy thinking about
hanging out with the princess!
I completely forgot that I can't skate!
And my clumsy way of inviting her
made her think this is torture...
Ah, jeez!
If I knew this would happen...
I wouldn't have worked up my courage...
I made it!
Princess?
Um, by entering the rink...
Yeah, I admit defeat.
But more importantly, I'm
glad you didn't fall over.
Prinshess!
Huh?
What's wrong, Vanilla-chan?
Calm down!
I'll tell you a secret!
You don't need to do that!
Huh? Why not?
B-Because...
t-today wasn't supposed to be...
Wait, this wasn't torture, and you
just wanted to go skating with me?
N-No way!
It's not like I'd ever... ever...
It's fine, I'll share a secret.
Today's secret is...
the imperial technique to
get better at skating!
Yeah, that's it.
Try not to kick backwards, but
use the side of your foot.
Well? Think you got it?
Yeah.
This is fun!
Glad to hear it!
Vanilla-chan, that outfit
looks great on you.
So cute!
Prinshess!
The two of them
had fun
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Up you go!
Up I go?!
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Is something the matter?
You seem quite listless.
Are you feeling unwell?
What?!
H-Hmph! In your dreams!
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion!
I'm in tip-top shape at all times!
There's no way that I'd be feeling sick!
Did you think the slightest change
to your condition would escape me?
37.2 degrees.
See?
Told you it wasn't a big deal!
What are you talking about?
Considering your normal body temperature,
this is plenty worrisome.
I'm sure you must be feeling quite ill.
Ex, whose power is intertwined with you,
is all tuckered out and silent.
I'll call off today's torture,
so please get some rest.
I'm an Imperial Commander,
and yet you take pity on me?
How utterly insulting!
It's so soft and warm!
During marches, I would have
to camp outside a lot.
My body's capable of sleeping comfortably
even in rocky areas and other hard places...
But a futon really does feel so nice!
Would you prefer congee or udon for lunch?
I get to pick?!
Um, in that case...
Udon!
It's good!
Pudding!
I can have it?
It's a special treat for today.
Hooray!
Demon World
Shocking
5th Appearance
After 10 Years
Actor: Kyo Yoshizawa
How've you been?
Did you cut your hair?
Bamboo! Bamboo poles!
Boy, we received more
flowers than ever today!
Huh? There's even some from Hige and Nazca!
Ah, you starred in that drama with them!
That should do it.
Princess, are you thirsty?
The princess
got some sleep
What?
The princess caught a cold?
Yes.
Torture is currently nursing
her back to health.
Geh-heh-heh.
Hope she feels better.
It seems that humans have difficulty with
the Demon World's wild temperature swings.
Geh-heh-heh.
Humans are such fragile
and delicate creatures.
So be it!
If that's the case, then let her keep
the futon even after she recovers!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
The princess made
a full recovery
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
What's wrong, Torture?
You don't seem very chipper.
No, that's not true at all...
Did you think the slightest
change to your condition...
would escape me?!
Well done, Princess.
It seems I can't keep a secret from you.
What happened?
This is classified information, actually...
but there are going to be
personnel transfers tomorrow.
The Hellhorde's got personnel
shakeups, too, huh?
By personnel transfers, you mean
like changing departments?
Yes.
In other words, our torture
sessions together...
might end after today.
What?!
As a high-ranking grand inquisitor,
shouldn't you be safe?!
Torturers are a specialist position,
so transfers are very rare.
But I can't say for certain.
There's also the possibility of being moved
from the trenches to a board position.
And not just me, of course.
Someone else could end up
being transferred as well.
No way...
And tomorrow's the announcement...
Will you be notified before then?
No.
On the morning of, it will
be posted by the entrance.
Hellhorde Personnel
What is this, a classroom shuffle?
Of course, I could continue to
be entrusted with you as well.
Torture...
Even if they split us up, we should
still grab lunch together...
What is this, a classroom shuffle?
Oh, my apologies.
I didn't mean to make things so somber.
This might be our last time, so we
wouldn't want to end on such a sad note!
I will not give in!
When you said that this
might be our last time,
I made up my mind to never give in today!
Torture! You'll never make
me surrender as you are!
Not while you're alone, that is!
What?
Is that right?
Then I suppose I have no
choice but to call for help.
The final torture...
Everyone, assemble!
Here we go, Prinshess!
Here we come!
Get ready, Princess-chan!
Prepare yourself, Princess!
Let's go!
I am the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion!
I will never submit to such
feeble torture as this!
Where'd you end up?
It says I'm in the Fourth Army!
The next day
Whoa, look who's moving up.
Wowie.
We'll need to celebrate.
Hellhorde Personnel
Torture!
Princess?!
What are you doing out—
Awesome! We're all together again!
G-Grand Inquisitor.
It's an honor to report to you again.
We'll torture 'em real good!
Princess, I look forward to
spending more time together.
Yeah!
Just know that I won't surrender!
The princess
confessed
Where am I?
So you've come to.
We've been reincarnated in another world.
What?
What's the meaning of this?
The Hell-Lord's body double!
Please explain this!
The princess and Ex think the Hell-Lord is his own body double
Just as we'd all gathered
for a game of basketball...
Do you remember the lightning strike
during that sudden thunderstorm?
It looks like that caused our
reincarnation in this parallel world.
We're still alive, so maybe it's
teleportation to a parallel world?
Either way, you see it all the time in anime.
I don't watch anime.
O-Oh.
So we're in a different world than our own?
How do we get back?
The way it usually works is you can
go back once you save the world.
I woke up around two hours
earlier than you did.
I've been exploring our surroundings here.
It looks like this world is under the
reign of one known as the Black Monarch,
who causes the populace great suffering.
The Black Monarch?!
To reach the Black Monarch's palace,
one must vanquish the Four Horsemen of
Darkness, who reside in the Black Tower.
The Black Tower
As for the Four Horsemen, I defeated them
all while I happened to be out investigating.
The Four Horsemen of Darkness
You defeated them?!
As I wandered the Dark Wastelands...
The Dark Wastelands
Never thought someone would show
up and beat the Four Horsemen.
But don't get cocky just yet.
Did you know?
The Four Horsemen of Darkness have
a Dark Power Level of 15 at best!
Explain this Dark Power Level thing first!
I am Garyuo!
Garyuo
My Dark Power Level is 100!
Dark Power Level:
After defeating Garyuo,
the Gate of Darkness leading
to the Black Palace appeared.
Garyuo got done in with his introduction!
Gate of Darkness
I passed through the Gate of
Darkness to the Black Palace.
The Black Palace
Awaiting me there were the
Black Monarch's loyal minions:
The Nine Darknesses.
Minions of the Black Monarch: The Nine Darknesses
All mighty warriors, with Dark
Power Levels exceeding 5,000.
The irreversible power
inflation's already begun!
Well, I managed to take them
down after this and that,
and thus, I reached the throne
room of the Black Monarch.
"This and that" are all the
Nine Darknesses get, huh?
Steamed Buns of Darkness
So you've made it this far.
The Black Monarch
Unfortunately for you,
my Dark Power Level is...
980,000.
Dark Power Level:
Now I feel sorry for Garyuo, showing
off with a Dark Power Level of 100.
What's more, without the
heavenly dragons' treasure,
the Sacred Skymitar, my
body cannot be pierced.
Why is he giving you hints
on how to beat him?
And so, I went into battle
against the Black Monarch!
What's with the song?!
No manner of slashing spell was able to
make even a scratch on the Black Monarch.
Is that all you've got?!
My Soul of Darkness, imbued with
the power of the Black Moon,
has been led by the Dark Light and
burns darkly with the Black Flames,
mastering the Way of the Dark!
The Road of Darkness!
Dirt cheap prices on darkness!
Now it's time I make my move.
I'll finish you off and engulf the world
in darkness with my Dark Power Level.
Black Sword!
Can you withstand my Special Dark Attack?!
Eh?
My slashing spells had no effect on him.
So I punched the living
daylights out of him.
Man, this is long...
And so, I vanquished the Black
Monarch, and returned here.
So you saved the world in
two hours, give or take?
What?
The body double saved the world?
I normally try and act
with the utmost caution,
but I couldn't forgive the Black Monarch
after learning of his evil deeds.
Also, I've always dreamed of being
reincarnated in another world...
So I got a little excited!
Such strength for only a body double...
Yeah, the Imperial Army's in danger.
The Imperial Army commands a
much larger force than we do.
Besides...
What good can come from crushing your
opponent with overwhelming force?
The Black Clouds have vanished!
Could it be that the Black Monarch...
Th-That reminds me, earlier...
A strange man came around asking
about the Black Monarch.
It's the great hero...
That can't be!
"When the world falls to darkness, a hero
bearing a sacred sword will appear."
The one from that legend?!
Wait, the legend says that a new
calamity appears with the hero, too!
The King of the Demon World!
He must have defeated the King
of the Demon World as well.
Praise be to the hero!
Princess-chan!
Just where have you two been?
Man, looks like we ended
up in another world.
I'm relieved to see you safe.
I was real worried after
you left all of a sudden!
Geh-heh-heh.
I'm sorry about that.
Well then, let's take it from the top...
And have ourselves a nice
game of basketball!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Yeah!
The torture will continue!